Fruitfly is an Intellij IDEA plugin for generating "Builder" pattern code for
Java records.

The plugin compatibility is declared to be for any version of IDEA from 
`2023.3.` forward.

When written, the plugin was targeted at IDEA `2023.3.3` and thus assumes
you will use JDK 17 SDK to build and run it.

For the "why" of using the builder pattern and having a custom plugin,
see: [plugin-background.md](./doc/plugin-background.md)


# Functionality

The plugin takes record code that looks like
[SimpleRecordTestInput.java](./src/test/java/fruitfly/psi/SimpleRecordTestInput.java)
and generates code into that class to implement the builder pattern -
[like this](./src/test/java/fruitfly/psi/SimpleRecordTestOutput.txt).


# Usage guide

1. **Open the Generate Menu**:

* Navigate to `/ Code / Generate...` or use the shortcut `Alt + Insert`.


2. **Select Fruitfly Builder**:

* From the popup list, choose `Fruitfly Builder`.


3. **Customize Your Builder**:

* A dialog appears allowing field selection. Confirm to generate the builder
  pattern.


See
[RecordUsageExampleTest.java](./src/test/java/fruitfly/example/RecordUsageExampleTest.java)
for an example of code invoking the builder logic that is generated by this 
plugin.


# Installing the plugin into your own IDEA

See [install.md](./install.md)


# Customising the generated code

See [contributing.md](./contributing.md)


# Developing the plugin

See [plugin-development.md](./doc/plugin-development.md).


# Plugin issues, improvements and discussions

Use the Github discussion section if you'd like to ask questions or
talk about something.

If you want something fixed or changed - I'd rather you just forked the project 
and do it yourself.  

Feel free to drop a note in the discussions, if your change makes sense for me 
and what I use the plugin for - I'll integrate it.
Otherwise, I'll add a pointer to your fork to make it visible to folks who
might want to do things your preferred way.


See [todo.md](./doc/todo.md) for known issues or changes that I plan to
work on.
